Grandpa, I'm still late after all
The Shen family will definitely make things difficult for me later.
The murderer who killed grandpa is hidden deep
I don't want to give up.
I understand. It just so happens that the snow leopard is asking the angel to have a brother
I have a lot of people working for me.
I'll bring him right away
Stay at home with orders
Unfilial descendants Shen Wuya cannot step into the Chen family
I, Shen Wuya, go away
Miss Shen, how did you get in, you beast?
You wicked
You've committed such a crime, you still have the face to come back and let go
Someone is going to kill this beast
I'm not a half-breed that can't be hit
Stop